Do not retry clearing with same height forever (#2348)
informalsystems/ibc-rs: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/ibc-relayer/2155-remove-infinite-loop.md

> - Do not retry infinitely on cmd handling failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not retry infinitely on command handling failure in the packet worker
```
